What is the Quickslide player?Loading a Slide SetWhen you first open the controller, the program will prompt you to load a slide set.  To load a slide set after you have opened the controller, click the "Load Slides" button at the top of the controller.Playing a Slide SetThere are a number of different ways you can select a slide to view.  If you are moving through the slide set in order, you can click the right arrow on the control pad next to the zero to advance one slide.  Clicking the left arrow on the control pad will return to the previous slide.  In this version of the slide player, you cannot use the right and left arrow keys on the keyboard to move between slides.  Please note that when you reach the end of the slide set, you will see a black screen, but you can still "advance"- it is not set to return to the beginning, so you will have to do that manually.If you would like to view a particular slide, you can type in the slide's number and hit the "return" key on the keyboard or you can click on the numbers in the control pad and click the "enter" button when you are done.  If you enter an incorrect number using either the keyboard or the mouse, click on the "Clear" button to remove it.Playing QuickTime MoviesTo play a QuickTime movie that is not a slide set, use the play and stop buttons under the numbers on the control pad.Hiding the ControllerIf you would like to hide the controller from view, hit the tab key.  You can use the keyboard to move to another slide while the controller is hidden.  To show the controller, hit the tab key again.QuittingTo quit, you can either hit the "Quit" button on the controller, or you can type command-Q.Program featureCreating a custom slide presentationUse the program feature if you would like to create a custom slide presentation.  A custom slide presentation may show only certain slides from a slide set, show all slides in a different order than the default, or show certain slides in a particular order.  For example, let's say you wanted to create a slide presentation using all the slides that portray myths about animals.  First, click the "Program" button to make the program control panel visible (if it is not already visible).  Next, click the "Record Program" button.  The button text will change to say "Stop Recording."  Select slide 4, the first of the animal slides, either by typing "4" and pressing the Return key, or by clicking on the "4" on the slide controller and clicking the enter button.  Slide 4 will appear in the playback window, and a small "4" will appear in the text field below the "Stop Recording" button.  Select the next slide you want to present, in this case slide 6, and continue selecting slides until you have added all the slides you want to have in your presentation.  When you are finished recording, click the "Stop recording" button.  To save your program, click on the "Save program" button, type a name for your program in the dialog box, and hit the return key or click on the "Save" button.Another option for creating a program is to type the slide numbers directly into the text field.  For the animals program described above, you would type4,6,10,17,18,19,20,22Make sure if you type a program that each number is followed by a comma and that there are no spaces in the text.Playing back and opening programsTo play back the program currently in the program window, click on the "Play program" button and select slides as you normally would.  To open a previously saved program, click on the "Open program" button.